add contents to the compatibility matrix (#2596)
gitpod-io/website: gitpod/docs/references/product-compatibility-matrix.md

---
section: references
title: Gitpod Compatibility Matrix
---

<script lang="ts" context="module">
	export const prerender = true;
</script>

<script lang="ts">
	import CompatibilityMatrix from '$lib/components/docs/compatibility-matrix.svelte';

</script>

# Gitpod Compatibility Matrix

> This page shows you what components and services Gitpod is and is not compatible with. It is aimed at both individual developers that use Gitpod as well as admins that install and maintain a [Self-Hosted](../self-hosted/latest) version of Gitpod. You can filter the table to show only what is relevant to you.

Reviewer: If we use “self-hosted” as an adjective, I wouldn't capitalize it. Alternativ would something like this:

```suggestion
This page shows you what components and services Gitpod is and is not compatible with. It is aimed at both individual developers that use Gitpod as well as admins that install and maintain a [Gitpod Self-Hosted](../self-hosted/latest) instance. You can filter the table to show only what is relevant to you.
```
